TreeList: Update loadDescendants() descriptions (#7863)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxTreeList/3 Methods/loadDescendants(keys_childrenOnly).md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Loads all or only direct descendants of specific nodes. Takes effect only if data has a [plain structure](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/1%20Configuration/dataStructure.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#dataStructure') and  **remoteOperations**.[filtering](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/1%20Configuration/remoteOperations/filtering.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/remoteOperations/#filtering') is **true**. Does not load/reload cached data.

Reviewer: Loads all and only?

```suggestion
Loads all or only direct descendants of specific nodes. Takes effect only if data has a [plain structure](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/1%20Configuration/dataStructure.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#dataStructure') and  **remoteOperations**.[filtering](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/1%20Configuration/remoteOperations/filtering.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/remoteOperations/#filtering') is set to **true**. Does not load/reload cached data.
```

Author: It loads all descendants or direct descendants depending on the childrenOnly parameter. I feel this can be stated a touch more explicitly in a separate sentence:
```suggestion
Loads specified node descendants. Affects all descendants when **childrenOnly** is `false` (default) and only direct descendants when **childrenOnly** is `true`. Takes effect only if data has a [plain structure](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/1%20Configuration/dataStructure.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#dataStructure') and  **remoteOperations**.[filtering](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/1%20Configuration/remoteOperations/filtering.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/remoteOperations/#filtering') is set to **true**. Does not load/reload cached data.
```

Reviewer: Loads specified node descendants. Affects all descendants when **childrenOnly** is set to `false` (default) and only direct descendants when **childrenOnly** is set to `true`. Takes effect only if data has [plain structure](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/1%20Configuration/dataStructure.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#dataStructure') and **remoteOperations**.[filtering](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/1%20Configuration/remoteOperations/filtering.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/remoteOperations/#filtering') is set to **true**. Does not load/reload cached data.

> Loads all or only direct descendants of specific nodes. Takes effect only if data has a [plain structure](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/1%20Configuration/dataStructure.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#dataStructure') and  **remoteOperations**.[filtering](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/1%20Configuration/remoteOperations/filtering.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/remoteOperations/#filtering') is set to **true**. Does not load/reload cached data.

Author: @arminal this one's the updated suggestion:
```suggestion
Loads specified node descendants. Affects all descendants when **childrenOnly** is `false` (default) and only direct descendants when **childrenOnly** is `true`. Takes effect only if data has a [plain structure](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/1%20Configuration/dataStructure.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#dataStructure') and  **remoteOperations**.[filtering](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/1%20Configuration/remoteOperations/filtering.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/remoteOperations/#filtering') is set to **true**. Does not load/reload cached data.
```

Reviewer: Loads specified node descendants. Affects all descendants when **childrenOnly** is set to `false` (default) and only direct descendants when **childrenOnly** is set to `true`. Takes effect only if data has [plain structure](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/1%20Configuration/dataStructure.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#dataStructure') and **remoteOperations**.[filtering](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/1%20Configuration/remoteOperations/filtering.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/remoteOperations/#filtering') is set to **true**. Does not load/reload cached data.
